.\" $Id$
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.\"              //===//   //=====   //===//   //       //   //===//
.\"             //    //  //        //    //  //       //   //    //
.\"            //===//   //=====   //===//   //       //   //===<<
.\"           //   \\         //  //        //       //   //    //
.\"          //     \\  =====//  //        //=====  //   //===//    Version II
.\"
.\" ------------- An Efficient RSerPool Prototype Implementation -------------
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2002-2007 by Thomas Dreibholz
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.\" Contact: dreibh@iem.uni-due.de
.\"
.\" ###### Setup ############################################################
.Dd September, 2007
.Dt Server 8
.Os RSerPool Server
.\" ###### Name #############################################################
.Sh NAME
.Nm server
.Nd RSerPool Server (PE) for multiple example services
.\" ###### Synopsis #########################################################
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm server
.Op Fl asap=auto|address:port,address,...
.\" ###### Description ######################################################
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm server
is an example Reliable Server Pooling (RSerPool) pool element (PE)
that provides multiple services.
.Pp
.\" ###### Arguments ########################################################
.Sh ARGUMENTS
The following options are available:
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Fl asap=auto|address:port,address,...
Sets the ASAP endpoint address(es). Use "auto" to automatically set it (default).
.Pp
.El
.\" ###### Diagnostics ######################################################
.Sh DIAGNOSTICS
If loglevel>0, messages will be sent to stdout or specified log file.
.\" ###### See also #########################################################
.Sh SEE ALSO
For a detailed introduction to RSerPool, see:
.br
http://duepublico.uni-duisburg-essen.de/servlets/DerivateServlet/Derivate-16326/Dre2006-final.pdf
.Pp
Thomas Dreibholz's RSerPool Page:
.br
http://tdrwww.exp-math.uni-essen.de/dreibholz/rserpool/
.\" ###### Authors ##########################################################
.Sh AUTHORS
Dr. Thomas Dreibholz
.br
http://tdrwww.exp-math.uni-essen.de/dreibholz/rserpool/
.br
mailto://dreibh@iem.uni-due.de
.br
